The Street Fighter Club has Zhao Tianlong
Said he recognized Wang Shi as his godfather
Call Wang Shi to kill me, I don't want to show my face
Come and deal with it for a while
Boy, you still killed those who have abstinence
Just a waiter
You can call a waiter
Do you know the waiter too?
Hahaha, do you know?
I usually slap some waiters in the face
They didn't dare to squeak
Since you still called them to testify for you
Don't look down on the waiter
I'll show you today
The best waiter in the world
Let you see
You and Zhao
Homes are destroyed at the hands of waiters
Who's that crazy?
How dare you destroy the Zhao family?
Humph
Godfather, you are here
I'll come naturally to your business
Thank you godfather
Lin Jinghai
Have you seen Master?
Are you making a lot of money?
Even I don't care
Hey, no, master, you are serious
I have always known the prestige of the master
I also love your face everywhere, Master
Really? Then why do you dare to slander me?
Also helped a waiter
I was rude.
That's right.
What about the waiter who called me on the phone just now?
Why are you blind and can't recognize me?